clarify about same ECN code point, add formula for smallest and large… (#2)
marten-seemann/draft-seemann-quic-accurate-ack-ecn: draft-seemann-quic-accurate-ack-ecn.md

--- abstract

QUIC defines a variant of the ACK frame that carries cumulative count for
each of the three ECN codepoints (ECT(1), ECT(0) and CE). From this information,
the recipient of the ACK frame cannot deduce which ECN marking the individual
packets were received with.

This document defines an alternative ACK frame that encodes enough information

> to indicate which ECN mark each individual packet was received with at the receiver.

Reviewer: "received with at the receiver" sounds weird.

```suggestion
to indicate which ECN mark each individual packet was received with.
```

Except for the two ACK Range fields, all the fields are the same as defined in
{{Section 19.3 of RFC9000}}.

> All packets within an ACK range MUST be received with the same ECN code point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All packets within an ACK range MUST have been received with the same ECN code point.
```
